## MS2 Instructions:
1) Clone the repository, and navigate to the root directory of the repository
2) Make sure the packages Core, Async, and Zarith are installed. To do this run "opam install core", "opam install async", and "opam install zarith".
3) To run the server, run "dune build ./server/server.exe" and then run "dune exec ./server/server.exe"
4) For clients on other networks to be able to connect to your server, you must forward the port number from your router to your computer. First connect to the network on which you wish to run the server. This should be on a home router, or some other router whose settings you may access. Run the "ipconfig" (Windows) or "ifconfig" (Mac) command in terminal and put the default gateway IP address into the address bar of any search engine. The default gateway will be of the form X.X.X.X, and often is simply 192.168.1.1.
You will be prompted for a username and password. The defaults are usually written on the router, but if not they are commonly both "admin". Once logged in, navigate to advanced settings and then to port forwarding. Add a new port forwarding rule with your local IP address as the internal host, which you can find as the IPv4 line from the "ipconfig" command, and for the port put the number 8886.
If after forwarding the port you still cannot connect, it is possible that your firewall is blocking the connection.
5) To run the client, run "dune build ./client/client.exe" and then run "dune exec ./client/client.exe \[ip\]" where \[ip\] is the IP address of the machine that the server is running on if you are on the same network. If you are connecting from a different network you will need the public IP address of the router the server is connected to, which you can find by looking up "what is my IP" from the server, or you can find it in the settings of the router.
6) Once connected, the client and server will undergo the diffie hellman protocol and will print out a bunch of information to the terminal. Look through the information to find various values used in DH, the session key that got computed, as well as both the encrypted and decrypted messages that have been sent. 
7) Follow the prompts to "login" or "register". Note that at this time this is the last step in the messaging service that has been implemented.